You can hang out here
I still buy so many things.
Here it is.
Where did you get the money?
Did my dad give it to you?
Did you catch me 8 what 8
Tell me when you're sick
I'll give you double the price.
Oh, I don't know.
Triple hey hey
Miss, aren't you embarrassing me?
Fenying, I remember your son is going to college, right?
So I let my mother
Take him to the best universities abroad
I heard it with my own ears
Mr. Jiang and Miss Xiaoya got together
No wonder my dad treats that Li Xiaoya
Better than my own daughter
Xiaoya, this bitch lady
Please don't say I said that.
Otherwise, Mr. Jiang will definitely not let me go
Fenying, don't worry.
I won't say it.
What's the matter, sister?
My dad and Li Xiaoya leaned together
We were all taken for fools, you know?
How is that possible?
My dad's nanny
He told me himself
It was because of this
Uncle doesn't agree with my marriage to Xiaoya
The adulterer
I'm going to kill them.
Wait a minute.
Don't get yourself involved
I've got a better idea.
How?
If their adultery
What would happen if Han Yun knew?
No, Han Yi is innocent
He was also in the dark
Han Yun is Li Xiaoya's mother
Li Xiaoya cares about him the most
If Han Yun knew
This is the greatest harm to Li Xiaoya
I don't agree with that.
We can't do this to you Han Yun
You don't go I go
What are you doing?
Since they are having an affair
We'll be able to catch them
Threatening them without harming the meaning
Well, I'll follow my uncle
You go follow Li Xiaoya
aunt
Are you also doing beauty here?
You are Shanshan, right?
Well, what can I do for you?